Configuration: allow custom health check endpoint (#4145)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/health-checks.mdx

health_check:
  listen: 127.0.0.1:8088
  enabled: true

>   path: /health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  path: /health # Optional, default: /health
```

Author: oh yeah, this is a good call, thanks

```

> Each option is configurable. For example, we might want to set our health check to `127.0.0.1:8090/healthz`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each option is configurable. For example, we can set our health check endpoint to `127.0.0.1:8090/healthz`:
```

```yaml title="router.yaml"
health_check:
  listen: 127.0.0.1:8090
  enabled: true
  path: /healthz
```

> We can also disable the health check:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can also disable the health check endpoint:
```
